feat(genres): get genre via MusicBrainz tags (#55)
alice-mm/bandcampetc: README.adoc

= Bandcamp, etc. (`bandcampetc`)
:toc: preamble
:toclevels: 2

Scripts to keep music tidy.

The main script (`bandcamp`) can be used to *extract* and *clean* files (allow to review and easily edit some *metadata* fields) from https://bandcamp.com/[Bandcamp] and Amazon Music downloads.
The files are then *stored* in a configurable location, in neatly named *directories*.

It should work with pretty much *any ZIP archive that contains MP3 or FLAC files*, actually. <<sample-exec,See example below.>>

> Some other scripts there are dependencies of the `bandcamp` one, but can also be used on their own for various purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
Some other scripts, here, are dependencies of the `bandcamp` one, but can also be used on their own for various purposes.
```

To make the script run without any interaction, use a no-op or any idle-ish command as an editor: `readonly EDITOR=(:)`
====

[CAUTION]
====
The editor _must_ block the execution flow, so that you’re able to edit the metadata, save, and close it _before_ the rest of the script runs.

> Some editors, like Visual Studio Code, tend to launch themselves in the background – much like when appending `&` to a command – on their own, and may therefore be impossible to use properly in this context.

Author: ```suggestion
Some editors, like Visual Studio Code, tend to launch themselves in the background – much like when appending `&` to a command – on their own, and may require tweaks to be used properly in this context.
```
